updated for PM review (#34)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

All of this is integrated into the Mule runtime.

Use Anypoint Partner Manager to set up, manage, and monitor the flow of messages between you and your business partners.

> Create message flows (the paths along which a message travels from its source) through a transformation map, to its target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create message flows. A message flow is the path along which a message travels from its source, through a transformation map, to its target.
```

Author: This was edited by Kim and if Amit didn't change it, I"m inclined to leave it.

Reviewer: The original was "Create message flows, the paths along which a message travels from its source, through a transformation map, to its target." That sounds to me like the definition of a message flow is "the path along which a message travels from its source, through a transformation map, to its target". I think "Create message flows (the paths along which a message travels from its source) through a transformation map, to its target." garbles the definition incorrectly, so I'd recommend rewording this.
